Okay, go down and get ready. Yes, yes.
It's a good climb. If you don't go up, don't ask me about my wishes.
And ah, you are the coach now
You said everything
Just to see if I fail, what do I have to worry about?
I will give you the command to supervise the enemy.
After two days and two nights of fighting, our army
Worship with others outside the dirty city
The Prime Minister is writing a letter to the soldiers
How about hurting the king?
It's good that the injured king is not too big
Goodbye at the Organization Letter Palace on your days off.
I have been fighting for so many years on behalf of the army
Never before don't go
Doesn’t the head being beaten count?
They also not only welcome the hand
Who says it's not
Who made her solitary?
Is there any way to take your reputation seriously?
I played general with her at that time
Has the overall situation of the low army passed?
It's shameless to stick to your face
The coach has a face
Throw down two layers, what is this?
This is what we do to deceive Liangcao
I and the others can't stand it anymore
I know this citizen
What on earth do you want to do?